based on the abovecode getting this errors fix this issue 

errors:

Error: Unterminated template string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 48: No closing marker was found for the string.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 48: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 49: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 50: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 51: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.

Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 52: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 53: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 54: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 55: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 56: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.

Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 57: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 58: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 59: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 60: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 61: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.

Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 62: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 63: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 64: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 65: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 66: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.

Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 67: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Invalid multi-line string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 68: Quoted strings may not be split over multiple lines. To produce a
multi-line string, either use the \n escape to represent a newline character
or use the "heredoc" multi-line template syntax.


Error: Unterminated template string

On modules/database/bronze_bucket/dat_bronze_db/tables/bronze_db_table/main.tf
line 48: No closing marker was found for the string.
